I thought it was gonna be skiing hey
guys welcome back to my channel I'm je
DaVinci here with a boo-hoo unboxing a
try on haul I don't have any coupon
codes for you guys know this video is
not sponsored I'm literally here telling
you guys my honest opinion so if you're
interested in seeing that then stay
tuned I had an awesome shopping
experience like literally when I checked
out the website lik that the clothes
they had a lot of cute trendy clothes
they had so much stuff I had to limit
myself okay because this was my first
time ever ordering from this company
I ordered January 22nd they send me an
order confirmation and I'm like cool
okay I've got my order confirmation cool
an hour later literally one hour later I
got shipping confirmation it said your
boo-boo order has been shipped and I'm
like what my boo-boo order has been
shipped what the same thing this is
crazy odds fast that's awesome so the
next day I checked my tracking and it
told me I would receive my order in
three days this seems too good to be
true
so the third day came alright I didn't
receive an order so I gave it the next
day so the fourth day when I didn't
receive my package after this tracking
number told me I was going to receive my
item I checked the tracking again and
the tracking number didn't work and I
was like okay what's up with this
tracking number I called the post office
to find out to locate where my package
was because it said that USPS was going
to be delivering the package customer
service could not find the tracking
number
they're like roll that tracking number
doesn't exist and I'm like
this tracking number doesn't exist phone
had hung up when the phone hung up on
her behalf I got so pissed so I
immediately went on PayPal and requested
a refund like know that I want my money
back so I got on snapchat if you follow
me on snapchat I had a little rant I was
kind of pissed at the booth I requested
a refund through PayPal I had to message
the merchant and the merchant supplied
me with another tracking number they you
know apologized for the inconvenience at
this rate cause they supplied me with
another tracking number the next
tracking member told me I've received my
item in three days
and I'm like cool I'm finally gonna get
my item to Phil to do and you guys guess
what I didn't come home to my package
and I clicked the tracking number and
guess what it was the same as last time
it didn't update they couldn't find it
it was like the same story and I was so
pissed it was Wednesday Thursday past
Friday Saturday past Sunday past Monday
rows around boyfriend is like look what
finally came and he shows me my boo boo
bag and I'm like have you been hiding it
like are you sure you haven't had it
this whole time because this doesn't
make any sense I'm happy you finally can
I don't even remember what I got but I'm
going to just cut it open now and we're
going to see what the qualities about a
bread big ol bag comes packaged these
look cute they're stretch bare in the
petite section they're stretch I think
that these are good quality it's a real
zipper and a real button that makes me
happy I ordered from romwe before I
ordered the denim jacket the buttons
didn't button I ordered pants this
little hot you you couldn't it it was
fake like you couldn't buckle your pants
like I had to cut my own hole in there
like are you serious but these pants
look like they're gonna be nice yeah
so this seems like a nice quality you
look like they might be too big but the
button works the ends I like the ends of
these jeans that's why I ordered them
the answer these are going to be cute
but they kind of look like they're babe
uh-oh I forgot about this this is super
cute this was a one size fits all type
of sweater on the site the sweater
looked like it was thicker or liking
would actually keep me warm this this
isn't gonna save me from the snow but
it's cute you know what is this oh okay
so this on the mannequin they have the
mannequin wearing this but they sent it
to me separately I'm not mad I'm not mad
at that because I could either wear it
as a turtleneck or I could wear it as
like a shirt I got this isn't a medium I
got this too big I don't know this looks
like this would be a dress on the
mannequin and look like a shirt but I'm
not mad at it I'm not mad I am not mad
Spidey y'all the next thing that I
ordered a life to drink tea but this is
super cute it's just
I'm so cute even if I drink my alcohol
like now I could you know super excited
about that oh I remember this this was
super cute on the mannequin why not calm
in mannequins
they're like human models I got this in
the US eight the material everything
actually doesn't feel bad the quality
feels nice and that's surprising to me
because I didn't know what to expect
this is my first time ever shopping from
boohoo
but the quality is not bad I'm not
saying not bad like it sucks it's pretty
good but I ordered the jacket so that's
really going to be the determining
factor this was like what I was most
excited about
ah the only negative thing that I have
to say is the lining of the jacket
on the inside looks so cheap all of this
the chains stitching is coming out this
is they'll even take time to cut the
extra it's okay okay because when I try
it on if it's cute and I fall in love
then I'll be happy but if not then it's
got to go because this was the most
expensive thing on there I don't know I
like green I got green because it would
match my eyes I hope you guys like my
whole like for more videos like this
don't forget to give this video a thumbs
up subscribe to my channel I post videos
every week and see you guys next time
bye
[Music]